feat(curriculum): add case converter project to teach list comprehension (#52569)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/20-upcoming-python/learn-list-comprehension-by-building-a-case-converter-program/657f425dbab54e11993c80f0.md

---
id: 657f425dbab54e11993c80f0
title: Step 15
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-15
---

# --description--

> So far in this project you have not seen any usage of list comprehensions whatsoever. Like I said in the first step, list comprehensions are more concise way of constructing lists in Python.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So far, in this project you have not seen any usage of list comprehensions whatsoever. Like you learned in the first step, list comprehensions are a more concise way of constructing lists in Python.
```

> Begin the transition to comprehensions by commenting out all the lines of code inside the `convert_to_snake_case` function. Don't delete them as they'll helpful when implementing the logic using a comprehension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Begin the transition to comprehensions by commenting out all the lines of code inside the `convert_to_snake_case()` function. Don't delete them as they'll be helpful when you implement the logic using a list comprehension.
```

> Begin the transition to comprehensions by commenting out all the lines of code inside the `convert_to_snake_case` function. Don't delete them as they'll helpful when implementing the logic using a comprehension.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Begin the transition to list comprehensions by commenting out all the lines of code inside the `convert_to_snake_case` function. Don't delete them as they'll be helpful when implementing the logic using a comprehension.
```

Reviewer 2: Either you ask to add `pass` after commenting out the function code or you don't use the `({test: () => })` format to test the code.

# --hints--

> You should comment out all the lines inside the `convert_to_snake_case()` function.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You should comment out all the lines inside the `convert_to_snake_case()` function. Add a `pass` keyword to avoid an error.
```

```js

> 

Reviewer 2: remember to add test

Author: Done

```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```py

> def convert_to_snake_case(pascal_or_camel_cased_string):
>     snake_cased_char_list = []
>     for char in pascal_or_camel_cased_string:
>         if char.isupper():
>             snake_cased_char_list.append(f'_{char.lower()}')
>         else:
>             snake_cased_char_list.append(char)
>     snake_cased_string = ''.join(snake_cased_char_list)
>     clean_snake_cased_string = snake_cased_string.strip('_')
> 
>     return clean_snake_cased_string
> 
> def main():
>     print(convert_to_snake_case('aLongAndComplexString'))
> 
> if __name__ == '__main__':
> --fcc-editable-region--
>     main()
> --fcc-editable-region--

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
--fcc-editable-region--
def convert_to_snake_case(pascal_or_camel_cased_string):
    snake_cased_char_list = []
    for char in pascal_or_camel_cased_string:
        if char.isupper():
            snake_cased_char_list.append(f'_{char.lower()}')
        else:
            snake_cased_char_list.append(char)
    snake_cased_string = ''.join(snake_cased_char_list)
    clean_snake_cased_string = snake_cased_string.strip('_')

    return clean_snake_cased_string
--fcc-editable-region--
def main():
    print(convert_to_snake_case('aLongAndComplexString'))

if __name__ == '__main__':
    main()

```

---
id: 657f425dbab54e11993c80f0
title: Step 15
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-15
---

# --description--

So far, in this project you have not seen any usage of list comprehensions whatsoever. Like you learned in the first step, list comprehensions are a more concise way of constructing lists in Python.

Begin the transition to comprehensions by commenting out all the lines of code inside the `convert_to_snake_case()` function. Don't delete them as they'll be helpful when you implement the logic using a list comprehension.

# --hints--

> You should comment out all the 10 lines of code inside the `convert_to_snake_case()` function and nothing else.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You should comment out all the 10 lines of code inside the `convert_to_snake_case()` function and nothing else. Add `pass` to fill temporarily the function body and avoid an error.
```
